c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.pdb
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.pdb
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll
c:\users\intel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\ProyectoCompra.pdb
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Security.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.resources.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.dll
C:\Users\Intel\Desktop\ProyectoCompra\ProyectoCompra.Tests\obj\Debug\ProyectoCompra.Tests.pdb
